<h1>Pymin</h3>
<b><i>WARNING: PORN</i></b>
<br>As of version 1.0.7, requires Python>=3.10
<br><br>(Unofficial) Python port of Nimin Fetish Fantasy. I was bored so I did this for fun. Source code can be found <a href="https://github.com/ajdelguidice/nimin-source">here</a>.
<br><br>This port is for preservation as well as bug fixes and quality of life improvements over the original, I will not be developing the game content any further. It is still a little bit slow but it works a lot faster if you enabled opimizations when compiling/installing python and if you use a virtual environment. If you get stuck somewhere or there are no buttons and there is no error message in the console, I likely forgot to add one line in that senario. Please report it to me with where you found it (location and the text being diplayed in the main text area). This project might be 4 times the size of the original, but that is because adobe flash movies are compressed to hell and back.
<br><br>For those using a distribution's version of python or python packages, if this program doesn't work try using a virtual environment (python -m venv or by using the script I provided to set it up). You should be using a virtual environment anyways but if you don't want to, I understand.
<br><br><b>If you are going to use an older version of this port, you must use the version of as3lib that was released around the time, or before, it was.</b> The interface portion of as3lib is not backwards compatible between any version as it is still in alpha.
<br><br>Requires:<br>math (Built-in),<br>random (Built-in),<br>os (Built-in),<br>pathlib (Built-in),<br>xml (Built-in),<br>tkinter (Built-in),<br>re (Built-in),<br>sys (Built-in)<br><a href="https://pypi.org/project/Mini-AMF/">miniamf</a>,<br><a href="https://pypi.org/project/tkhtmlview/">tkhtmlview</a>,<br><a href="https://pypi.org/project/as3lib/">as3lib</a>
